>>Michael?
Michael?
Are, are you coming down, dear?
>>Yeah.
Be right down.
Just got to find my smokes.
>>They're beside the bed
next to my Cortisone.
Did you find them?
He'll be down directly.
>>[GROANING]
>>Look, who are you?
I told you, George.
I'm your guardian angel.
>>Yeah, yeah.
I know.
You told me that.
What else are you?
What are you-- you a hypnotist?
>>No, of course not.
>>Well, then why am I seeing
all these strange things here?
>> REGINA MEREDITH:
Two wonderful films,
clips from "Michael" and
"It's a Wonderful Life."
How often have we
felt lost and alone
and unable to make a decision,
like in the film with James
Stewart?
Some people reach such a state
of despondency and hopelessness
that they choose
to end their lives.
What if the answers
to whatever you need
are right alongside
or within you?
Well, they are.
Tom Moore has been working with
his team of guardian angels
for many years, and
he says life begins
to take on miraculous
proportions in doing so.
But you have to have
the courage to ask.
And this is a big problem
with us earthlings.
Oftentimes we don't feel
worthy for some reason
of asking for help, not
even on the big things,
no less the little things.
So we have this illusion
that we're alone,
and this creates
a burden of life.
So let's talk
about how you first
came in contact with
your guardian angel.
>> TOM MOORE: Ah.
It was about 17
years ago, and I had
been reading articles
in a magazine
by the name of "The Sedona
Journal of Emergence."
And these were
spiritual-type articles.
And in one of the articles
by Robert Shapiro,
he was channeling,
which I call telepathy,
a being who told him
that you could request
benevolent outcomes
in your life.
And I thought, hmm, that's
kind of interesting.
I've always been sort of
like out there experimenting
and testing things,
the Law of Attraction
all these other things
that have come a long, long
before it was called
the Law of Attraction,
where you were supposed
to just imagine things.
So I started
experimenting with it,
and I didn't know
really what I was doing.
But I started with
little, small requests
for like a parking space.
>> REGINA: That's kind of
the entry point for a lot
of people, talking to
the parking faeries.
>> MOORE: Yes.
Or as some people call
it, my parking angel.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MOORE: OK.
But these little simple things.
And I found it was
working perfectly.
And so I was really,
really amazed at that.
And slowly but surely, I started
asking bigger and bigger things
and including it in
my business life.
I'm in the international film
and TV distribution business,
so I use it all time
in my own business.
So you can request benevolent
outcomes for every single thing
that you're doing in your life.
And basically what happens,
as I've come to learn,
is that you're turning
this over to what
I believe is my guardian angel.
But if someone wants to believe
it's God or Allah or a Hindu
deity or Buddha,
it doesn't matter,
because it works perfectly.
And so you're turning it
over to them and saying,
is this request in my
best short-term interest
and long-term interest?
And if it is, please
honor my request.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: And it's amazing the
things that come to you when
you start requesting
benevolent outcomes.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And just to get a little
more esoteric, because I
find it really interesting, and
some information that I came
across somewhere along the
way in the last few decades
researching all of this.
And that is that the
human species is really
one of the few species that
even uses guides or angels
for the simple reason that, as
you and I have spoken before,
we're called a veiled species.
>> MOORE: Yes.
>> REGINA: We're this
explorer kind of species.
>> MOORE: We're the
only veiled species.
>> REGINA: Yes.
So we have issues with really
understanding who we are.
We're veiled from our own
magnificence of our own souls,
our souls' journeys
and so forth.
And because of that kind
of amnesia, so to speak,
we need the help
of others who are
able to operate in these
other subdimensional fields
to be able to assist us.
And also you were
talking about the names
by which we call that source.
Sometimes it's ourselves.
It's our own higher
selves that are also
coming to our aid, which we have
no knowledge of for the most
part.
>> MOORE: Right.
>> REGINA: So I just wanted
to add that little piece
in because there is a
magnificent network of unseen
beings that are literally
here to assist humanity.
That's their job.
And we don't call on them.
>> MOORE: Right.
And as I was to
eventually find out,
what we call guardian
angels are whole souls.
But they're such
ancient souls that they
emanate a golden light.
And so they're called
golden light beings.
And there was a call
that our creator
made that went out all
over different universes
for these beings.
And as Theo, my
guardian angel says,
he jokingly said, the
job description was only
golden light beings need apply.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: Because this work
they do is extremely difficult.
And they're not only
handling our souls
but thousands of other
souls all at the same time.
>> REGINA: Can you imagine?
They're trying to get
through and help someone
who doesn't even know they
exist and never asks for help.
>> MOORE: Yes.
>> REGINA: What
must that be like,
in terms of levels
of frustration,
trying to find a way--
>> MOORE: They don't
have frustration.
>> REGINA: --to
get through to us?
You know?
>> MOORE: They don't
have frustration.
>> REGINA: I know.
I get what you're saying.
But it takes a
special kind of being
to be able to stand up
to that energetically.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
And so that's why they had to be
extremely experienced in order
to do this, because they're
handling all of our lives
that we'll ever have on Earth.
Because time is an illusion,
and all of our lives
are taking place
at the same time.
And each of these lives
has 12 parallel lives
going on at the same time.
So they're taking
care of all of those.
And it just kind of multiplies
into infinity almost.
And as Theo has told
me, they're busy guys.
>> REGINA: They're very busy.
But we have a mass
inferiority complex.
We put everything that seems to
have supernatural capabilities
far above and beyond what we
are as humans, not understanding
that we are a
magnificent species,
and we're doing the hard
work in the trenches.
We need the help.
So what have you been told
or taught by your guides
about why we feel so unworthy
to even ask for help?
>> MOORE: Well, it's
because we're veiled.
And it's this doubting,
doubting everything.
And so--
>> REGINA: Fear.
>> MOORE: --when
you have this fear,
and also keep in mind
there's religious training.
And there are many
religions that
teach you can only ask your
clergymen, whatever type
of clergymen, priest,
whatever that happens to be.
You have to go through them.
You were not worthy to
be able to communicate
with an angel or God yourself.
And so many, many
people grow up believing
that they're very
unworthy, and they
don't understand that these
golden light beings are
so powerful that, as
I explain to people,
they could handle 2 million
requests for a parking space
at the same time and
not break a sweat.
>> REGINA: Right.
Right.
>> MOORE: It's nothing to them.
>> REGINA: Right, exactly.
>> MOORE: And they will joyfully
help you, but you have to ask.
That's one of the rules.
You have to ask
for the assistance.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And you know, one
thing I really like
about the way your work puts
it is what you said earlier,
looking for the terminology
the most benevolent outcome.
And tell us why asking for
the most benevolent outcome
became really such a
kind of switch for you.
>> MOORE: Oh.
Well, first of all, when I
was experimenting with this,
I was saying, OK, I request
a benevolent outcome.
But then I wanted to abbreviate
it, and I requested BO.
That doesn't sound very good.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MOORE: OK.
So I changed it to most
benevolent outcome,
because you could say MBO.
And also I was told by
my own guardian angel
later, years later,
that if someone
has a problem in pronouncing
the word benevolent--
because benevolent
17 years ago was not
a word that was
used that often, OK?
It's come into our language
more frequently now,
but there are still
people that have
a problem in
pronouncing the word.
And I've been told that
if someone wants just
to say I request
an MBO, they know.
They know exactly what
the person is asking for.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: They don't have to
say benevolent if they don't--
>> REGINA: OK.
So an MBO.
We want an MBO out of this.
But you have to hold the
intent very clear in your mind.
>> MOORE: Yes.
>> REGINA: And there's
someone you wrote about--
and we dialogued a little bit
about this before you came here
for this interview about
whether to talk about Alphonse.
And the reason I wanted
to talk about Alphonse
is because even if you don't
request help they're there.
And they're often there in very
extreme circumstances for us.
>> MOORE: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: So let's
talk about Alphonse.
He was like a walking
disaster his whole life.
And the things that happened
to him, because if that's not
inspirational I
don't know what is.
>> MOORE: Yes.
And Alphonse, I happened
to mention to him--
he was in the film
industry, like I am, OK?
And when he heard
that I was going
to do this book-- I happened
to mention it at one of the TV
markets in Cannes,
France-- he came over.
Oh, Tom, you gotta interview me.
I got all these stories.
You gotta hear these.
So that's how
Alphonse came to be.
And Alphonse just had all these
amazing instances where his
life was literally about to
go off 1,000-foot cliff or off
the side of a ship in the middle
of a storm and miraculously was
saved.
And so that's how we
look at guardian angels,
that they kind of show up
at these amazing times--
>> REGINA: These critical times.
>> MOORE: --these critical
times and take care of us.
But they are more than willing
to handle the littlest request
all the way up to
the big request,
but you just have to ask.
>> REGINA: Just have to ask.
You know, there's this
interesting thing.
You were talking about
Alphonse, and these
were all life-threatening
situations.
And every one, how he came
out of that a movie should
be made about the nine
lives of Alphonse.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: It was
pretty amazing.
But I am reminded of
this from a conversation
I had at the airport a couple
days ago with my favorite TSA
agent, a woman named Chris.
When she's there, I'm
totally cool with TSA.
I just adore her.
And she had a minute or two
and told me this little story,
and I'm bringing
it up for a reason.
I said, you looked sad
last time I saw you.
And she said my mother
had just passed away.
And then she told me that
her father, who was also 92,
is still alive.
And she said, I know
you like weird stuff.
I'm going to tell you
this little story.
Her father was a
pilot in World War II.
And his plane, he had
his sweetheart's name--
her name was Mildred
or something.
I think it was Millie B,
something like that-- written
on the side of the aircraft.
He flew it, no
problems, no problems.
Right toward the end of
the war, the Millie B
was finally shot down.
So it was strafed right
near the name Millie B
on the 28th of September.
I don't know if it was 1944,
but it was nearing the end.
No one died.
They parachuted out.
Some became POWs.
But they lived all those
years together after that,
and she, Millie,
died on September 28.
And it was one of those
things that reminded me
we have these guardian angels
that pull people like Alphonse
out of one ridiculous situation
after another, where he should
have died many times over.
And we're taking
all these vitamins,
doing everything we can
to preserve our lives.
But in reality,
it appears there's
something very gracious
about the time we're
given on Earth, that we have
sort of an expiration date.
Our number's not up
till our number's up.
>> MOORE: Right.
>> REGINA: And they're there
to see to it that if you're not
to go, you're not to go.
>> MOORE: And also,
on the other hand,
a guardian angel is to make
sure that, as an example,
if your life is supposed to
end on a certain day in an auto
wreck or whatever
it happens to be,
they guide you to be
there at that second.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: OK.
So that's part of their
job is to make sure--
>> REGINA: Do you
meet your contracts?
And there are some
wonderful photos
even that people have
caught of guardian angels
at the site of really
horrific car wrecks
where people have passed
over to the next dimension.
>> MOORE: Right.
And I've asked Theo.
I said, have you materialized?
Because he's never
had a physical life.
That's one of the things
about golden light beings.
They don't have
any physical lives.
And he said, yes.
It was at a time with a train
wreck where he became physical
and was there to help not only
his charge but some others
and then disappeared.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Well, you're a fan of
Robert Shapiro's work.
You mentioned him
a little bit ago.
And one of the
things he talks about
is also requesting more
benevolent outcomes
for more benevolent
companions and people
that we travel with
through our own lives.
>> MOORE: Yes.
>> REGINA: And
this is really big.
It's thought that a lot
of what goes wrong in life
is by our choice
of associations.
So can you talk about
that a little bit?
>> MOORE: Sure.
And keep in mind, obviously some
of these are soul contracts.
Because people come into your
life to give you challenges.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> MOORE: And you can't be
a good person in every life.
It's like a theater company.
In one life, you're the hero or
heroine, and in another life,
you're the bad guy.
So it all has to
balance out at the end.
>> REGINA: Learning
through extremes.
That's what humanity does.
>> MOORE: Learning
through extremes.
These are things
that you can learn
to ask for benevolent people.
And as an example, if someone
is looking for someone to marry,
they could say, I request
a most benevolent outcome
for the perfect mate for me.
OK?
>> REGINA: And that doesn't
necessarily have a hassle-free
guarantee in it.
>> MOORE: No.
You're going to be
learning from each other.
But it will be the
perfect mate for you.
But when you ask
for something, don't
expect-- I've
actually gotten emails
from people that are reading
my newsletters or whatever,
and they said, Tom, you know,
I requested benevolent outcome
for a man, and it's been a month
and he hasn't shown up yet.
>> REGINA: Might need to
be a little more patient.
>> MOORE: Yes, exactly.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: You've
got to be patient.
And you can ask for a benevolent
outcome for the perfect house.
>> REGINA: Oh, I've got
a story for you there.
Yes.
>> MOORE: OK.
And the perfect job for you.
So there are many things
that are much more important
in your life than,
obviously, a parking space.
But you have to understand
that it's going to take time.
>> REGINA: These things
take time to manifest.
>> MOORE: And that's why I tell
people start with the mundane
requests, a seat on a bus or
a train or the parking space
or whatever it happens to be
that's mundane that you get
immediate feedback.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: And that way
you start trusting.
>> REGINA: You build confidence.
>> MOORE: Right.
You build confidence.
You start trusting on it.
And then you can move on
up to the bigger things,
knowing full well that
it's going to work.
>> REGINA: Yes.
You have to have that confidence
that it's there for you.
>> MOORE: And requesting
benevolent outcomes is
the first and only modality
I've ever found that worked
perfectly.
Even when you think
it didn't, you
find out a year or
two later it did.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
And that's the critical part.
This takes a long-term view.
You're dealing with
non-physical beings.
Time and space doesn't
look the same to them.
What could take 10 years
looks like a blink to them.
And so I think
that's, again, where
we have to remember
the patience.
And because you brought
this house thing,
I have to tell you
my house story.
>> MOORE: OK.
>> REGINA: It's a
wonderful story.
So I was on vacation, just
a little brief vacation
in Sedona, not planning
on moving there
and thought, well,
I'll just look around.
Maybe one day way later
I'll want to move there.
And a realtor took me around.
I saw the back of this house,
and it wasn't the front,
and said, I need
to go to the front.
I have to look at that house.
She said, well, there's
a little for sale
by owner sign knocked
over on the ground.
Called the guy up, went
in the house, was stunned.
It was exactly the
house that I wanted.
And it's a strange house.
It's not your normal house.
Walked in the front
door, I was paralyzed.
And I knew I'd be
buying the house.
I hadn't even gotten
past the foyer.
I did buy the house,
and many miracles
happened around
allowing that to happen.
I felt intuitively guided to put
a mural in one of the archways.
And my guides told
me at the time
make sure you put it on
something that can be removed,
and I was startled.
And I thought, I
don't want to do that.
I don't want to
leave this house.
Why would I want that?
But I listened, and I did it.
So we had a business,
Conscious Media Network.
As time went on, we
needed to sell the house.
It was a struggling
business financially,
beautiful otherwise.
Sold the house at
the top of the market
because my guides told me one
day put a sign in the ground.
Start fixing that
house up right now.
You have to sell it immediately.
And I hit it right at
the top of the market
by the time it finally sold.
First thing that went
out was that mural.
And I was so sad.
I can't even tell you.
I thought, why did this happen?
Where am I ever going
to put that thing?
It only fits in one spot.
So a few years go on.
CMN's doing well.
We merge with Gaiam.
Now I can buy the house back.
And someone calls me and
says, Regina, your old house
is for sale.
Really?
Now the bottom of
the market has hit,
so now it's worth half of what
it was that I sold it for.
Sure enough, got in line.
A lot of people
wanted the house.
And I knew from the first
day that house is my house.
It's coming to me.
All the escrows ahead
of us will fall through,
which is exactly what happened.
Bought it for half that amount.
The first thing
that went back in
was that mural, back in
the exact same place.
And it's one of
those things that
how did they know in 2000 that
in 2013 I'd be moving back
into that place, enough to
warn me to put this mural?
It would've been painted over.
>> MOORE: Because they can
see further down the road.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> MOORE: And speaking
of another house story,
my wife and I
decided to downsize.
We had a very large house in
an expensive section of Dallas.
Our kids were grown.
We didn't need to be in that
school district anymore.
So she started
looking for a house.
And she would drag me out the
office to go look at houses.
And so I started requesting
a benevolent outcome
to buy every single
house that we saw.
And we even put
an offer on one--
and this was six years ago
when the market was not
starting to do very well--
and the offer that we made
was turned down because someone
payed full price for it.
And so finally I said, OK, I
request the most benevolent
outcome for the
perfect house for us.
My wife found it the next day.
>> REGINA: Isn't that amazing?
And it does work.
It's not really amazing.
That's how life works.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: If we choose to
engage with the unseen realms,
that is how life works.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And that thing
is, like you said before,
you have to build
your confidence.
And another aspect of
it is you say you really
need to be habitual about this.
If you're not habitual,
you won't think to ask.
>> MOORE: Right.
And when it gets
really important
or when your life is in
danger, as an example.
So if you're requesting these
mundane benevolent outcomes,
going along, and then even
requesting things like a MBO
for a meeting at work or
for a date that you're on
or whatever it
happens to be, then
suddenly something happens.
I'll add, as an
example, I had a lady
that told me her daughter was
in Union City, California,
and she was walking
downtown at night.
And this van full of men
started following her.
She got very concerned,
and she was into MBOs.
She requested a
benevolent outcome,
and about that time
a group of people
came out outside of the
door, and the van drove away.
And she said she knew
that her daughter--
>> REGINA: She was in danger.
>> MOORE: --had been in
danger, and that saved her.
So you have to
have the awareness
to be able to ask for it.
>> REGINA: You just
brought up a point.
Because the woman who was
thinking about her daughter,
and the daughter
knew to do this.
But oftentimes we're associated
with people that aren't aware
that they have all of this
talent at their disposal, all
this help.
>> MOORE: Or they
don't believe it.
>> REGINA: They
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So you say that
the process of requesting help
for yourself from your own
guides and angels is different
than that of requesting
help for another.
>> MOORE: Right.
Theo, my guardian angel--
or my GA, I call him.
And he likes the term
servants of the creator,
but nobody would know
what I was talking about.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MOORE: OK.
He tells me that
there are a little
over one million golden
light beings that
handle all of these
specific requests
and handle you on a
minute-by-minute basis.
They're monitoring you.
OK.
There's another set
of souls that we
call angels that are
about over a million, too,
and they handle all
the prayers on Earth.
When you're asking for
something for someone else,
instead of saying, I request
a most benevolent outcome,
you say I ask.
And when I asked
Theo, I said, that
sounds about the same thing.
He said, read the dictionary.
OK.
In my first book,
"Living Prayer"--
>> REGINA: "Living Prayer, yes.
>> MOORE: And by
the second book,
I decided I had all these
different ways of saying
a living prayer.
There were just a ton of them.
And I said, gosh, this is
going to be too hard for people
to remember.
And so I was inspired, if you
will, to come up with a phrase
that everyone could
remember, just
like saying I request a most
benevolent outcome for dot,
dot, dot.
Thank you.
In this case, I ask any and all
beings to blank, blank, blank.
Thank you.
OK?
And so that's called
a benevolent prayer.
I call those my BPs or
benevolent prayers now.
>> REGINA: Yes.
There was a time
a number of years
ago where a meditation partner
and I used to do a lot of work
together.
We'd do these meditations.
And if someone
needed help, we would
work with a remote
healing with them.
And we had pretty good
luck with all of that.
But one day we were
told by the guides
not to send our own
energy any longer and not
to engage on that level.
And I asked, why?
And they said, because the
guides on the other side
are much more familiar with
the needs of the individual
that you're trying to assist.
And you may think that the way
you're asking for this help
or what you're asking for
is the right thing for them,
when, in fact, it needs to be
maybe modulated for that person
so they can receive that
intention and that energy
perfectly for the
event of healing
and that these guides are
uniquely skilled to be
able to see into,
look into the aura,
into the matrix of the person
and work at that level.
>> MOORE: But when you're
requesting a benevolent prayer,
you're basically, again, turning
it over to these angels who
actually work with
the people's guides.
So as an example,
let's just say there's
a giant earthquake in Japan.
OK?
And there are people buried
underneath the rubble.
You can say, I ask
any and all beings
to assist and comfort the people
that are buried in this rubble
until they are rescued.
Thank you.
And when you say
any and all beings,
it could be a dog
that finds them.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> MOORE: It could be a child.
It could be anyone that
finds them in that rubble.
>> REGINA: And those people will
be inspired or those animals
will be inspired appropriately
in that moment by the other
side.
>> MOORE: Right.
And so when you say
these benevolent prayers,
it really gives
you a warm feeling
that you feel like at least
you're doing something.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: Because a lot of times
we feel so cut off and we see,
oh, gosh, that's terrible
that that's happening to those
people, where, in actuality,
you can do something.
You could say this
benevolent prayer.
And it's been described
to me as if it
was a rainbow of
multi colors that
goes out and over to that place.
And there are rainbows
coming from all
over the world from other
people saying prayers,
and they all come
into that same place.
>> REGINA: It does matter.
When we see some
disaster on the news,
it does matter if we
send that request out.
>> MOORE: Right.
And at the same
time, if you have
everyone in a group say
the same benevolent prayer,
then you're creating
this greater energy--
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> MOORE: --I've been told
that's greater than the--
>> REGINA: I've
been told the same.
>> MOORE: --individual
people that say it.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: So I tell people if
you happen to go to a church,
one of the problems that I see
in churches is that there'll be
one person up at the
front saying a prayer,
and everyone bows their
head, and they're listening.
But if they would be
asked to say a prayer,
if they would say,
would everyone
join me in this prayer
for Brother John,
who's sick in the
hospital, as an example,
or whatever it happens
to be, and everyone
says that, then there's
this great energy that
goes to Brother John.
>> REGINA: The Unitarian
Church is famous for this.
Because people can
write in their prayers
to the Unitarian
Church, and they
have prayer groups all over
that accept those requests
and put them in and focus
intently in numbers on that,
which is a wonderful service.
>> MOORE: But they need to
be saying this out loud--
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: --together
to sort of make--
>> REGINA: And that's a point.
Let's talk about that.
>> MOORE: OK.
>> REGINA: It has
to be physical.
>> MOORE: It has to be physical.
>> REGINA: You
can't just think it.
So let's talk about that.
>> MOORE: Or in writing, if
someone is not able to speak.
OK?
Because I've had
people that have
said that they thought a
benevolent outcome, an MBO
or whatever, and it
has worked for them.
But I've been told that
if you say it out loud
you're creating
this greater energy.
>> REGINA: A frequency.
>> MOORE: And it works a lot
faster than if you're just
thinking it.
Because we're in
a physical world,
and it needs to be
something said physically.
>> REGINA: I think you're right.
I think a lot of people have
experienced a situation where
they've just had it.
They're so frustrated, and then
they just yell something out.
Help me.
And suddenly, things start
moving and changing out
of the power of that frustration
and emotion of that request.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
I had a lady the other day
that sent in a story to me
that she had a dream where
I think they were riding
three-wheelers or
something like that,
and they were flying along.
It was very scary, and she
felt like she was about to die.
And she said, I request
a benevolent outcome
and yelled it out.
And suddenly,
everything turned calm,
and they were pulling
into the driveway.
So it was like
everything calmed down.
And I think that was
a message to her.
>> REGINA: And you
hear that story a lot.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: A girl I know who was
in a car wreck a couple years
ago, same thing.
And this is a very common one.
Everything goes
into slow motion.
Suddenly she feels
arms around her,
and the arms were of
her deceased brother,
who also died in a car wreck.
So here she is about to
go through the same thing,
and it all slowed down and the
car was twisted and totalled,
and she had nothing
but a cracked ankle.
She came out unscathed.
She didn't have
a scratch on her.
>> MOORE: Right.
Yeah.
And in this book, I have
hundreds of stories.
It's called "Gentle Way
3, Master Your Life,"
hundreds of stories
that were sent in to me.
And I have a lot of
stories about people
that were miraculously
saved on icy roads
where they were spinning
around going the wrong way
and about to go off
cliffs and everything.
>> REGINA: One time I was
trapped under a log underwater,
and I gave up.
I thought, I can't believe
this is how I'm going to die.
There's a foot about
me, I see the sunlight,
and I'm trapped under a log.
Everything went black,
and then sometime later I
was downstream sputtering
and came out of the water.
I have no idea what happened,
but something just loosened it.
And I don't even know
when I popped up.
Because it seemed like that was
the first breath I had taken.
And these kinds
of things, I think
they're happening in our lives a
lot of times when we don't even
know that's what's intervened.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And so one of the things
I wanted to talk about
is when you use your
guides to find things.
Do you have some favorite
stories about finding things?
>> MOORE: Oh.
One time we went to the
theater, and when we got back
from the movie theater I
couldn't find my wedding ring.
And so we're looking
all over the place.
We go back to the theater,
climbing under everything.
And so I requested
a benevolent outcome
to find my wedding ring.
And lo and behold, there it
was in the sink of my wife --
I had washed my hands just
before running out the door,
and it had slipped
off into her sink.
So we found it.
So it was one of those things
that it just kind of turned up.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: And I've have lots of
stories sent to me where, oh,
Tom, let me tell you about this.
I lost this, and I requested
a benevolent outcome,
and five minutes
later I found it.
So it really--
>> REGINA: I had a weird
thing recently like that.
Here at the office, I lost
one of my gold earrings.
And I came home.
It wasn't there.
I thought it fell off
somewhere at the studios.
Now this is a month
later, mind you.
That office has
been vacuumed a lot,
because they vacuum every night.
>> MOORE: Yep.
>> REGINA: A month later, I
walk in, and right in the middle
of the floor there it
was, sitting in the middle
of the floor.
>> MOORE: In the
middle of the floor.
>> REGINA: It wasn't
like it was tucked away.
It was the middle of the floor.
And I was just like,
how is that possible?
It would have been sucked
up or any number of things.
But there it was.
>> MOORE: You've got
a good guardian angel.
>> REGINA: I do.
Well, that stuff's happened--
I got a lot of good ones.
But that's because
I've been calling
on them for a long time.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Let's
talk about time.
A lot of times we
say, oh, please just
get me there on time.
Someone's late for a meeting.
Some strange things happen
around the subject of time,
because they know
how to bend it.
>> MOORE: They do.
>> REGINA: Can you
talk about that?
>> MOORE: And you can
ask for them to bend it.
As an example, let's
just say it's 1:40,
and you need to be in an
appointment at 2 o'clock,
and it typically takes 30
or 40 minutes to get there.
You say, OK, I request
a compression of time
and request a most
benevolent outcome
for getting there on time.
You can't look at your watch.
You can't look at
the clock in the car.
You just drive.
And lo and behold,
you'll get there
about one or two minutes
before you're supposed to.
>> REGINA: Yes.
It's, like, impossible.
>> MOORE: Impossible,
but you do it.
>> REGINA: Now this is
another thing you write about
in the book, which
they told you,
that we should be asking
for the impossible.
Now why did they tell you that?
>> MOORE: Well, because
there are people in such bad
conditions that they don't feel
like they could ever get out
of it.
Let's just take, as
an example, a woman
in an abusive relationship.
And she just feels
like it's just--
>> REGINA: She's trapped.
>> MOORE: Trapped
in utter despair.
But she could say, I request
the most benevolent outcome
for not only my safety but
the safety of my children
and to be led to a better
life, anything like that.
She can word it
in her own words.
And those things
seem impossible,
but suddenly things change.
>> REGINA: Because she can't
see logically a way out of it.
>> MOORE: But things happen.
Or even take a prostitute.
There are people that are
prostituting themselves,
and they don't see any way out.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MOORE: And for one thing,
every day they can say,
I request a most benevolent
outcome to be disease-free
today for that.
But at the same
time, they could say,
I request a most
benevolent outcome
to be able to find a
better life than mine now.
So there are things that
seem impossible to ask
for that they can ask.
>> REGINA: Let's talk about
business a little bit.
I like the story you wrote about
about a friend of yours who
was a film distributor and
something that took place
in Budapest, as I recall,
at a convention there.
Do you remember that
story about that guy?
He came in to a meeting, and he
wanted something very specific.
This man needed something
like I need $2 million.
>> MOORE: Oh.
>> REGINA: Yeah, that's story.
>> MOORE: I remember
a little bit.
>> REGINA: That's a big request.
>> MOORE: Well, I know.
And gosh, it's been a while.
I may not be able to relate
that story correctly.
>> REGINA: I remember it
maybe better than you.
A guy with money came along
to this particular booth
and asked a go-between,
someone that knew both of them.
He said, you know, I'm looking
for a film distributor and--
>> MOORE: Oh, and he said, yeah.
And he brought him over.
Yes.
>> REGINA: I think it was by
the end of the day he had his
commitment for his $2 million
because this guy wandered in.
He said he looked
kind of perplexed
as to the game and everything.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: He said, I need
to invest in a certain type
of film, and there he was.
He got his distributor
within no time flat.
>> MOORE: And speaking of things
of that part of the business,
when things don't
appear to work,
for two years I tried to raise
money for a package of movies.
And it was going to be based
on the novels by a writer
by the name of Cheyney, an
English writer, that wrote them
in World War II.
These were spy novels.
For two years, I went to
Prague and St. Petersburg,
Russia and Budapest and
Cannes and Paris and all,
and each time that
I would get close
to putting the money together
for this package of films,
it would fall apart for
the weirdest reasons.
And so finally one day
in meditation I'm saying,
OK, Theo, I've been requesting
benevolent outcomes all along,
because I trust perfectly
in this process.
Yet each time it's
been falling apart.
Why haven't been able
to raise the money?
And he said, Tom, that's
not on your soul contract.
He said, had you
gone down that path,
you would never reach
the number of people
that you're going to
reach in your books
and writing and
speaking that you're
going to reach in your life.
And so that's just not
on your soul contract.
So one of the things
that requesting
benevolent outcomes
does is it keeps you
on your soul contract.
And when people say,
oh, I want freedom,
they act like that
soul contract is
something that was
forced on them.
It wasn't.
This was the soul path that you
chose with your own guardian
angel and your higher
self and everybody
involved that would be
the perfect life for you
with the perfect
number of challenges,
the perfect number of successes,
the perfect life for that life.
But, as Theo says, if you're not
requesting benevolent outcomes,
suddenly you go off
the reservation.
>> REGINA: Right.
Right.
And so that would
answer the question
why is it that sometimes your
requests are not answered.
>> MOORE: Yes.
And it's because it's
not in your short-term
or long-term best interest.
So you have to
keep that in mind.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: Because I've
had people say, oh,
I request a benevolent
outcome to marry this guy,
and it didn't happen.
Well, it wasn't supposed to.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MOORE: She was requesting
a benevolent outcome--
>> REGINA: For something that
wasn't in her best interest,
ultimately, on a soul level.
>> MOORE: And there was going
to be somebody coming along that
was going to be a
lot better for her.
>> REGINA: Right.
Well, I'm having so much
fun chatting with you
because this is one of
my favorite subjects,
and I use it all the time.
And another little story about
something that didn't work out.
I wanted it to work out.
I kept going back to
France all the time.
I love France.
Spring time came--
>> MOORE: Me too.
>> REGINA: --and it was like
I was itching to go back
to France.
And this particular year, I
was meditating one morning,
and I thought, well, let's see.
I'm booking my ticket.
It's May.
I'm going to France.
And my guides said,
no, you're not going.
And I said, well, yes, I am.
And we got in this
back and forth.
I don't normally do that, but
I thought, well, that's weird.
I'm going.
So bought my ticket, day came.
I thought everything
worked out fine.
It's the morning of departure.
I have to drive to the airport.
And I woke up with the most
raging bladder infection, which
any woman's who's
had one-- and I
don't get them-- can understand.
There was no reason for it.
I was fine when I went to bed.
And it literally was so bad I
couldn't make it to the airport
under any circumstances
had I tried.
And so once the fight
was about to leave
and there was no way I
was going to get there,
it was clearly missed, I
had a little glass of water
with some vitamin C. Everything
cleared up instantly.
I mean, literally within
an hour it was gone,
and it just doesn't work
like that in real life.
And I thought, what
a creative way.
And many times when
I've tried to do things
in some bizarre way something
happens to stop me from it.
But that one was so literal
I said, OK, you're right.
I'm not going.
And I couldn't sell
the ticket either.
I couldn't sell it back.
So I lost my money.
I didn't go.
And so now I've learned if my
beings say, you're not going,
I'm not going.
>> MOORE: Right.
Another thing from
business that I
can relate for people
that are in business
and understand this, there
was a time a few years ago
when I personally and my
company was sued for $1 million.
OK?
And a Spanish TV network that
I was doing business with,
they were sued for $5 million.
And another film
distributor in Houston
was sued for $1 million.
Needless to say, I was
requesting benevolent outcomes
for this all along the way.
>> REGINA: Goodness.
Yeah.
>> MOORE: I wound up having
a friend of mine that was
an attorney in Arkansas answer
all my stuff for me free.
But finally, I was forced
to hire an attorney down
in Houston to represent me.
And I walk out my gate to
put the garbage in the can,
and the guy from across the
alley, it was an attorney.
I said, do you know an
attorney down in Houston?
Oh, yeah.
My nephew is an
attorney down there.
>> REGINA: Woah.
>> MOORE: And so he wound
up handling the case for me.
And so we went to a
mediation a few months later,
and in the mediation
he was saying,
now, Tom, you've got to
expect that you're probably
going to have to pay something.
And I said, I'm requesting
benevolent outcomes.
He doesn't know.
What's this guy talking about?
And so in the
mediation it wound up
that the TV network, which is no
longer in business, by the way,
settled for $400,000
or $500,000,
the other distributor in
Houston settled for $100,00,
and we paid 0.
>> REGINA: You paid 0.
>> MOORE: Yep.
>> REGINA: There you go.
By talking to a neighbor
over a garbage can.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Now you talk about
something called the Radiant
Effect.
What is the Radiant Effect?
>> MOORE: The Radiant
Effect is, as an example,
let's say you're
driving down the road,
and there's people
in your car with you.
And you request a benevolent
outcome for the drive.
The Radiant Effect seems to
take care of those people that
are riding with you and-- let's
just say you're on a freeway--
even the people on either side
of you or right in front of you
or behind you.
It all seems to work.
OK?
As an example, a lady
wrote to me from Canada.
And she said, I took
my vacation in Seattle.
And so I requested a
benevolent outcome.
And I was taking
public transportation.
I was on a bus.
And as the bus
started to pull up
in front of the Space
Needle, suddenly a van
stopped right in front
of it, and the guy
was looking at the bus stop.
He wasn't looking
in front of him.
And they almost
ran into the van.
They missed it like
six inches or so.
He slammed on the brake,
and everybody went forward.
But she had the presence of
mind to just joke with him,
because she had felt
completely safe.
But all the other people
in that bus were safe, too.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MOORE: OK.
>> REGINA: There has to be
a resonance that's created
of some kind.
>> MOORE: Yes.
>> REGINA: When you're
consciously bringing this
in, first of all you're coming
from a higher frequency range
to, A, trust in it, know that
it will be there to help you.
There's a kind of relaxation
and grace in that situation.
And so there has to be a
kind of resonance that's
happening that would spread
out to the other people.
>> MOORE: Yes.
>> REGINA: We know everything
is nothing but energy
and resonance.
>> MOORE: Right.
>> REGINA: Right?
>> MOORE: Yeah.
When you're shining your
light, let's face it,
if you're shining your light,
you're lighting up a room.
>> REGINA: Before we go,
tell me maybe one or two
of your absolutely most favorite
stories about intervention
on behalf of guides ever.
We talk about the impossible.
>> MOORE: Yeah.
One lady wrote to me and
said that they had just
moved to a farm in
Kansas, and one day there
was a tornado literally
bearing down on them.
And so she grabbed
her kids and start
running for the storm
shelter, and she
requested a benevolent outcome.
The tornado literally lifted
up and went over her house.
>> REGINA: Really?
>> MOORE: And that's something
we haven't gotten into, but I
will mention.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: You can
change weather.
You can request--
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MOORE: Even for my trip here
I requested a clear day going
and coming.
And of course, there
was weather today,
but there won't be tomorrow.
>> REGINA: When
you leave, exactly.
>> MOORE: So you can request--
>> REGINA: That's what most
people would feel falls
in the range of the impossible.
>> MOORE: Exactly.
>> REGINA: But it's not.
>> MOORE: Sure.
But it's not.
And I've tested this.
I've had people in northern
climes, like the UK.
I was told by Gaia that you can
request one sunny day a week,
if you're going through
weeks with no sun.
And so I told everybody to start
requesting a sunny Saturday,
because that's when most people
are out about and everything.
And so this group
of people in the UK
started requesting
sunny Saturdays,
and every Saturday
it would be sunny.
>> REGINA: There you go.
I love it.
>> MOORE: You can do it.
>> REGINA: I absolutely love it.
Thank you so much.
The book, "The Gentle Way," and
the other one's "Gently Way 3"?
>> MOORE: Well, "The Gentle
Way 2," the story continues.
And "The Gentle Way 3"
is "Master Your Life."
>> REGINA: That's
the newest one.
>> MOORE: And that's the one
that has hundreds of stories.
You'll love it.
>> REGINA: I do.
I love it.
This is right up my alley.
Thank you so much, Tom.
>> MOORE: OK.
Thank you for having me.
>> REGINA: I've been working
with my guides for decades,
and the outcomes never
cease to amaze me,
as some of these stories
I've shared would show.
And I cannot encourage you
enough to give it a serious
effort for your own most
benevolent outcomes.
To reach Tom's work, you
can go to his website,
thegentlewaybook.com.
Along this line, you might
also enjoy my interviews
with Jean Slatter, the author
of "Hiring the Heavens."
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.